# Incident: 2025-12-02 15-56-33

## Summary
Between the hour of 15:56 UTC to 16:55 on 2025-12-02, all users encountered an inability to receive pizza from the factory. The event was triggered by routine chaos testing.

## Detection
This incident was detected when the order failure alert was triggered and Damon as paged.

Damon was unable to respond for 30 minutes after the failure was logged for personal reasons.

Additional on call devs will be added by Damon so that response times can be faster.

## Impact
For 01hrs 01 minutes between 15:56 UTC and 16:57 UTC on 12/02/25, our users experienced an inability to order pizzas.

This incident affected 0 actual customers, only affecting simulated customers who experienced an inability to order pizza.

0 support tickets and 0 social media posts were submitted.


## Timeline
All times are UTC.

- _15:56_ - First recorded failure from chaos testing
- _17:29_ - Failure count goes above threshold for the grafana alert rule; order failure report sent
- _17:56_ - Engineer comes online to investigate failures
- _17:56_ - Engineer resolves chaos test
- _17:56_ - Orders again behave normally
- _18:14_ - failure count goes below threshold, grafana alert rule returns to healthy state


## Response
After receiving a page at 16:29 UTC, Damon came online at 16:56 UT  in Grafana.

This engineer examined the logs, which revealed the source of the outage was chaos testing. The engineer was then able to end the chaos test, reeturning the service to operational status.

## Root cause
Chaos testing was the root cause.

## Resolution
Service was resolved by ending chaos testing.

## Prevention
No other events from this root cause at this time. Chaos testing may continue to be used in the future during non-peak times however.

## Action items
1. Reduce failure threshold for the order failure alert
1. Make it check a shorter period for more granularity and faster alerts
1. Ensure there is always at least one on call engineer available.
